Changelog for 8.10.4 (#3606)
elastic/elastic-agent: changelog/8.10.4.asciidoc

// begin 8.10.4 relnotes

[[release-notes-8.10.4]]
==  8.10.4

Review important information about the  8.10.4 release.

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.10.4]]
=== Breaking changes

Breaking changes can prevent your application from optimal operation and
performance. Before you upgrade, review the breaking changes, then mitigate the
impact to your application.

> // TODO: add details and impact
> 
> elastic-agent::
> 
> [discrete]
> [[breaking-https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/3591]]
> .Elastic-Agent-Autodiscover To V0.6.4. Disables Metadata For Deployment And Cronjob. {elastic-agent-pull}https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/3591[#https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/3591] 
> [%collapsible]
> ====
> Elastic-agent-autodiscover library by default comes with add_resource_metadata.deployment=false and add_resource_metadata.cronjob=false. Pods that will be created from deployments or cronjobs will not have the extra metadata field for kubernetes.deployment or kubernetes.cronjob respectively.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
elastic-agent::

[discrete]
[[breaking-3591]]
.`elastic-agent-autodiscover` library has been updated to version 0.6.4, disabling metadata For `kubernetes.deployment` and `kubernetes.cronjob` fields.
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The `elastic-agent-autodiscover` Kubernetes library by default comes with `add_resource_metadata.deployment=false` and `add_resource_metadata.cronjob=false`.
*Impact* +
Pods that will be created from deployments or cronjobs will not have the extra metadata field for `kubernetes.deployment` or `kubernetes.cronjob`, respectively. This change was made to avoid the memory impact of keeping the feature enabled in big Kubernetes clusters.
For more information, refer to {agent-pull}3591[#3591].
====
```

This updates the breaking change to match the release notes PR.
